# Final Project

Final Project is data-driven research project or app written on the basis of Python programming language. Each group should consist in the range from 1 to 5 students including. Each group of students decides themselves which type of project they prepare: research-based or app-based. The final submission includes: the file with the main steps of the research or practical implications in the form of the short report or presentation, the file with supported code and calculations. Each group submits such files in LMS. In case of late submission \(after deadline in LMS\) all group members get 0 \(zero\) points for the Final Project. Each group project is assessed within the following criteria \(each of 1 point\):

## Criteria Name Criteria Description for 1 point \(0 points if otherwise\)

1 Submission The project files are submitted in time in LMS. 2 Idea Description The Idea of the project is clearly stated, aims and problems are clearly specified. 3 Literature Review The presence of supporting evidence for the project Idea from the academic literature, the market analysis, case-studies etc. At least 5 sources. 4 Data Data, which is used in the project, is properly and correctly described \(the source, variables, descriptive statistics\). 5 Methodology & Results Methodology of how to analyze the given data within stated aims is properly and correctly described. Results of the project are clearly stated and do not contradict to the stated Idea and aims. 6 Data Analysis Use of Python libraries \(e.g. pandas\) to prepare and analyze the data. The overall data preparation and analysis is correct. Non-trivial operations \(such, that are not restricted with importing and printing the data\) with data are done in correct manner. 7 Data Visualization Use of Python libraries to prepare exploratory data analysis \(visualization\). Charts and graphs are made correctly. 8 Code Python code is submitted and formatted in proper manner \(use of comments for some parts of the code and functions, proper indents and linespacing\). The volume of the meaningful code \(except blank lines, comments\) should be at least 50 lines. 9 Interface On the basis of the project the user-interface is made in order to maintain the idea and the results of the project. Interface works properly and without errors. 10 Web-integration The user-interface of the project results is available from the Internet \(deployed as App\).

The final grade for the Final Project is the sum of all points, according to provided criteria. Each group member of the certain group gets the same grade \(the Final Project grade\). Any kind of plagiarism is assessed as 0 \(zero\) points for the whole project.

